---
title: Gardens
project: Network Practices
date: 2021-02-02T14:42:39+00:00
author: James
layout: post
permalink: /gardens/
tags:
  - Reflective Writing
  - Web Projects
---

And then, the direction of the project changed.

I've found a URL for the project - as a the URL is such as pivotal collection of characters, if you care about it, this is liable to completely change and reinspire the nature of the project.

fingerprint.garden wasn't taken, so I bought it. I am now buying into the idea suggested by the URL as well, in creating a 3D garden that grows depending on the fingerprint hashes of participants who visit the site. Each visitor gets a plant, and their hash determines its nature. Some generative coding will be required, I intend for at least 100 of these plants to be spawned in the 3D scene on high end devices, so they will have to be low poly and lambert material. The presence of other visitors on the site could be very laggy as well, so I'll have to be careful with that. Mobile devices may not get to see the ghostly figures that desktop devices do.

I recognise that a digital garden is an idea that has already been taken, so I shall give it a cursory glance.

"The Garden is the web as topology. The web as space. It’s the integrative web, the iterative web, the web as an arrangement and rearrangement of things to one another."

"This is true of everything in the garden. Each flower, tree, and vine is seen in relation to the whole by the gardener so that the visitors can have unique yet coherent experiences as they find their own paths through the garden. We create the garden as a sort of experience generator, capable of infinite expression and meaning."

https://hapgood.us/2015/10/17/the-garden-and-the-stream-a-technopastoral/

For the full history, read this. https://maggieappleton.com/garden-history. This is a good blog, major props.

